hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you a what I eat in a week
which has been very highly requested so
we're starting on Saturday and for
breakfast I decided to have some
Weetabix Weetabix is one of my very
favorite breakfasts to have and I had
one Weetabix because I only have one
left but I also had all of the crumbs at
the bottom which i think is equivalent
to probably another one and I had it
with this amazing pumpkin spice peanut
cake I decided just to get myself a
quick snack it's just something small
because I am going to brunch scene I've
just got myself a tomato and I just
sprinkled some garlic powder on top I
love that as a combination I know that
these are gonna go off very very soon so
I do want to finish them going to have
to race cakes and I'm gonna have some
homers for that to you I'm actually
quite hungry
so as I said I was going up for brunch
or lunch so I got an amazing berry
smoothie and also this lentil coconut
dal with some flatbread and this was so
so filling that I didn't have that
bigger dinner so I had a crumpet I was
making too here because I gave one to my
friend Katie and I just had this with
some cucumber and some her most
and then in the evening I decided to
have a mug of hazelnut milk and also one
of these goodies gingerbreadmen then
here we are on Sunday morning and for
breakfast I had some porridge some apple
frozen blueberries porridge cacao nibs
almond butter
[Music]
then I didn't actually end up having
lunch because I was having a very big
dinner and I kind of wanted to save
myself for dinner so a friend of mine
was coming round for a kind of picnic
and I actually bought some persimmons
when they went out for you chopping and
this was my first time trying them they
are incredible so one of the things I
made is a banana bread this was out
magnificent for you so he had some sweet
corn fritters Taito's fake tuna lots of
veg homemade hummus which was amazing
frozen grapes homemade tortilla [ __ ]
then here we are on Tuesday because as I
said I'm sorry I didn't film Monday I
decided to have brunch instead of
breakfast so I made myself a smoothie
bowl which was so delicious I definitely
don't have smoothie balls enough and
then we also had half a pitch Brad with
this kind of salad on the side this was
really tasty and I just drizzled some
tahini on top and I had the leftover
chickpea tuna as well this stuff is
incredible
[Music]
I'm not just gonna have a cream cracker
with some hummus
here is my hummus and I'm working on an
essay proposal at the moment then in the
evening I decided to do some more baking
at the hole of that banana cake had gone
so I made another one it's such a great
way to get rid of spotty bananas
now I'm just gonna add in some cinnamon
like a lot of I'm going to add in this
ground eight flour which I just ground
myself and it's been literally that easy
it's such an easy canonic eight recipe
as you can see there's so few
ingredients really delicious and I like
to just put some frozen raspberries
inside as well I just got some pasta
boiling here homemade tomato sauce this
is a creamy chili sauce I'm making to go
with it in here I've got some cashews
nutritional yeast pasta water and garlic
okay just had dinner and then I'm gonna
have some of this obviously it's not
breaking yep with some coconut yogurt
and some fresh raspberries Dan on
Wednesday morning I started my day with
love almonds and then I made myself
another smoothie ball okay for lunch I'm
having some of this left leg pasta I
very early and then as an afternoon
snack I had some of these amazing
Walkers crisps use all my favorite
favorite crisps then I decided to bake
some cookies
that's real here okay so I try to use
this lovely little kitchen scale which
Katy has how do they use it you saw it
like this and you just here and I put in
like 300 grams of oats and it wasn't
moving and for dinner I made some
homemade hummus with some homemade
tomato soup and I had this with a spare
bit of panini bread which I had in the
freezer again I didn't film Thursday but
on Friday morning I had this yogurt Bowl
so just some frozen mango yogurt banana
berries peanut butter just really really
delicious
[Music]
and then for lunch I had this couscous
dish with some Rockets pita bread and
black olives oh and some homemade hummus
I'm so sorry I just didn't film
so then here we are on Saturday I
decided to have another one of those
sweetie balls these the biscuits but I
crumpled up like granola with this movie
bowl and then for lunch I had a pretty
basic lunch I just had some rye bread
with some spinach and some avocado and
hummus it's really tasty
and in the evening my friend Sasha
Blakeley and I went to the Christmas
market and we ended up eating though I
had this mushroom burger which was vegan
and really delicious and then we later
went for chai lattes at Kosta so then
here we are on Sunday which is where I'm
finishing this video so for breakfast I
decided to have some porridge again then
for lunch I had a kind of salad with
some Pitta bread so I had tomatoes
spinach courgettes olives tahini it's it
was just a really tasty lunch so one
thing which I do at the end of each week
before the beginning of the new one is
make a meal plan of all of the meals
that I know help this week and this just
means that I don't buy food which I'm
not going to eat one of the worst things
you can do for feed waste and also it's
expensive I buy a lot of fresh produce
and if I get tempted by those
amazing-looking tomatoes but I've got no
meal to use them in that week then
they're going to go off I'm going to
waste my money and I'm going to a basic
food so food waste is something I am
really trying to minimize at the moment
and in this what I eat in a week I just
wanted to take this opportunity to tell
you about stop the waste which is a
campaign which the World Food Program is
leading at the moment
so the World Food Program is a division
of the UN and the work that they are
doing is so so important
[Music]
as I said I did go out for dinner this
evening so a sweet potato chili and this
was really quite spicy there was some
coconut rice in there too but it was
really delicious so thank you so much
for watching this video it was a little
bit mismatched as you can see but I hope
that you enjoyed watching it and I hope
that you have a productive week keep in
mind as well that especially going on in
the week I didn't film all of the snacks
that I had so this isn't absolutely
everything I ate in a week just bear
that in mind
[Music]
you